This week, we discussed methods
for representing large,
impossibly continuous
state spaces.
Ways to construct features.
A representation is
an agent's internal
encoding of the state,
the agent constructs features to
summarize the current input.
Whenever we are talking about
features and
representation learning,
we are in the land of
function approximation.
This brings us to the left side
of our course-map.
First, we introduce
course coding,
course coding is related
to state aggregation,
it groups together
neighboring states where
each grouping can have
an arbitrary shape,
one particular example of
a two-dimensional
course coding is
represented by
these overlapping circles.
Each circle is a feature that is
one when the state is
inside the circle,
and zero when the state
is outside the circle.
Next, we discuss
a particular type
of course coding
called tile coding,
Tile coding generates features
using a set of overlapping grid,
each grid is called a tiling.
A tiling itself has
no overlap or space
between the squares,
only one feature can
be active at a time.
By stacking multiple
offset tilings,
we can discriminate
between different states.
The shape, size, and number of
tilings help us balance
generalization,
discrimination, and
computational efficiency.
We then discuss a way to learn
the representation online
with neural networks.
With course coding techniques,
the representation is
fixed before learning.
A feed-forward
neural network uses
a series of layers to
produce a representation.
In each layer,
multiple neurons received
the same input and
produce distinct outputs.
These outputs are then fed to
the next layer and
the process repeats.
Each neuron computes its output
by taking a weighted sum
of the inputs and passing
the sum through
an activation function.
To train a neural network,
we use an iterative process
called gradient descent.
We pass the inputs into
the network to
produce predictions,
then we compare
those predictions to
the outputs and compute
our loss function.
Finally, we compute
the derivative of
the loss function and apply
our learning rule to the weights.
Next week, we'll talk
about learning to maximize
reward with function
approximation, see you then.